Reorganising documentation into Getting Started, Tutorial and How To (#2778)
SpikeInterface/spikeinterface: doc/how_to/index.rst

How to Guides
=========

> Guides on how to solve specific, short problems in spike interface. Learn how to...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guides on how to solve specific, short problems in SpikeInterface. Learn how to...
```
or it could be spikeinterface. Just in case you haven't seen the difference between the two. The overall project is stylized SpikeInterface whereas the package specifically is stylized as spikeinterface.
